Manually copy vertices to work around UE 5.3/5.4 bug. (#1515)
CesiumGS/cesium-unreal: CHANGES.md

# Change Log

### Next version (not released yet)

##### Fixes :wrench:

> - Drastically reduced tile mesh memory usage in UE 5.3 and 5.4 by working around a bug that causes those engine versions to add more sets of texture coordinates than are necessary.

Reviewer: Minor changelog nitpick for brevity :smile:

```suggestion
- Drastically reduced tile mesh memory usage in UE 5.3 and 5.4 by working around a bug that causes those engine versions to add more texture coordinate sets than necessary.
```
